Congratulations, you have just finished the sixth and final lesson of this course.
Now let's summarize what we have learned.
In this lesson, we first learned about
the difference between an A/B test and a multivariate test.
We also learned the benefits and drawbacks to each type of test,
and which tests will be best for different situations.
In the second part of the lesson,
we covered how to track user actions,
discussed the importance of instrumentation throughout an entire experiment,
and learned the importance of selecting a KPI or
conversion rate that we will use to measure the success of a test.
In the third part of this lesson,
we talked about the importance of recruiting
test participants in a way that prevents bias in the results.
Finally, in the last part of the lesson,
we discussed how to interpret the results of the test by performing
T-test to show statistical significance of any observed effect.
We also learned how the results of a test show product managers whether
the test can be expanded or the idea needs to be revisited.
Data-driven product managers get ideas on how to improve
a product by analyzing usage data and talking with customers.
Experiments like A/B and multivariate tests provide a way to validate those hypotheses.
You've just completed the sixth and final lesson in
this course on applying iterative design principles to a live product.
Congratulations, and good luck on the final project.